the
adventures of uh stanislaus gruman
and lee scoresby are kind of a weird
little buddy comedy that is also
happening
concurrent with all of the other
incidents uh in the subtle knife
our storyline is about friendship that's
what it's about by two very different
people
and we're of the same vintage so we have
all the same references so it's totally
brilliant
i i love lynn and i'm so thrilled that
we got to
do this together and i hope we get to do
it again and we're both sort of theater
boys
theater geeks let's face it you know
it's everything you you might dream of
he sings show tunes during the day they
travel by balloon by boat by
pretty much every means of conveyance in
across two worlds
but we had such fun being a hot air
balloon with andrew scott cafe is really
[Music]
fun
you